May 3, 2024
 
To the State Executive Board:
 
We, the below listed State Convention Delegates, are formally requesting the following items be added to the agenda of the State Convention, to be held on May 17-18, 2024.
 
1.    A 30-minute presentation/explanation of and discussion about 2023 MN Statute 200.02, Subd. 7, including a clear and complete description of any and all actions, duties and/or obligations of the major party imposed by this statute. This presentation will be offered by State Convention Delegates.
 
2.    A 30-minute presentation of information regarding/including a summary of events that have occurred in Otter Tail County since the 2022 elections and the MN Statutes, governing documents of the Otter Tail County BPOU and the applicable provisions of the MNGOP Constitution. This presentation will be offered by State Convention Delegates.
 
3.    A 30-minute presentation of information about all litigation involving the MNGOP since 2022, including matters that have been resolved, matters that are ongoing and matters about which the Party is aware. This presentation will include documentation available through the MN Campaign Finance Board and the Federal Elections Committee websites as well as other documents as available to the State Convention Delegation. This presentation will be offered by State Convention Delegates.
 
These items must be added to the agenda because they relate to ongoing disputes between the Party and its members and the Party and subunits of the Party which can only be resolved under authoritative action approved by the State Convention. The authority of the State Convention is absolute, as made clear in MN Statute 202A.12, which vests the final authority over the affairs of each major political party with the State Convention.
 
Articles I and IX of the Party Constitution affirm the authority of the State Convention.

Thank you for ensuring these matters are added to the State Convention Agenda.
 
Signed,

Erik van Mechelen, SD63B, Delegate
Sandy Klocker
William Doll
Helena Halverson
Yvonne Doose, Mille Lacs County BPOU, CD8, Delegate
Larry Doose, Mille Lacs County BPOU, CD8, Delegate
Jodi Welsh CD6 2nd Alternate
Jennifer Bertheussen-Chapman, SD48, Delegate
Allen Chapman, SD48, Alternate
Lori Mahowald, SD35, delegate
Luca Groppoli
Carol Hexum, SD9, Delegate
Merle Hexum, SD9, Delegate
Pam Weber, SD31B, Delegate
Susan Shogren Smith, Delegate
Julius Zaccagnini, SD33B, Delegate
Carmelle Eickhoff, SD 50A, State Central Delegate Alternate
Molly Bellmont, SD 50
Karin Miller SD 57 Delegate, CD2
Joyce Stuewe, SD17
Miriam Arnold, SD33B, Delegate
Jeff Stanek, SD 10, Morrison County, Delegate 
Dan Schilling, SD10 Delegate, Morrison County, Precinct/Ward 3
Catherine Miller, Lake County, Delegate
Jon Ross, vicechair Polk County Republican BPOU, State delegate; State Central alternate
Al Sherwood, SD48, Delegate
Paula Christensen, SD14, Delegate
Zoe Alaboud OTC duly elected delegate Senate District 9

